As the documentation for the commencement of the N30,000 minimum wage
is in progress, the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) expresses fear over
the ability of several states to pay the new salary when they are
already carrying the burden of salary arrears over the years. The
umbrella body of the Organised Labour in Nigeria, therefore, appealed
to President Muhammadu Buhari to grant further bailout funds to states
to enable them clear arrears of workers pensioners that have piled up
over the years.
The NLC National President, Comrade Wabba, said to be represented by a
national executive member of the union, Comrade Maureen
Onyia-Ekwuezie, had made the appeal to President Buhari at the Sixth
Quadrennial Conference in Ekiti State.

ALSO READ:Â Update: Dankwambo declares indefinite curfew in Gombe

The NLC was said to have opposed government decision to fund the 2019
budget with value-added tax (VAT).
The State NLC chairman in Ekiti, Comrade Kolapo Olatunde Joshua, had
commended members for the opportunity given to him to serve the
Congress, saying that the implementation of the N30,000 minimum wage
is non-negotiable.
Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State, represented by the Chief of
Staff, Biodun Omoleye, was said to have reaffirmed the commitment of
the state government to creating a work-friendly environment for
labour to thrive.
It was noted that the past administration in the state owed workers
salary arrears of six months which are yet to be paid by the present
administration. However, salaries were said to be paid regularly since
October when Fayemi assumed office.





			
			Post Views: 
			237